Remove the word 'pipeline' and apply minor improvements (#93)
wso2/docs-bi: en/docs/learn/ai/rag/build-a-rag-application.md

# Build a RAG Application
This tutorial guides you through creating a Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) system using the Ballerina Integrator. While there are several ways to structure a RAG workflow, we’ll focus on a typical two-phase approach: ingestion and retrieval.

## RAG ingestion 
This step is managed through [Devant](https://wso2.com/devant/docs/ai/rag-application/) and it focuses on preparing documents for efficient retrieval in the RAG system.

- Chunk the information into smaller, meaningful sections
- Convert each chunk into embeddings using an embedding model
- Store embeddings in the vector database for efficient retrieval

> We assume you've already run the Devant to handle document processing and create your vector index. Devant manages the complete ingestion independently from our main application flow. The Integrator will focus solely on the rag retrieval part, using the pre-created vector index from Devant's ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume that you've already used [Devant](https://wso2.com/devant/docs/ai/rag-application/) to process and ingest the documents. Devant handles the entire ingestion process independently of the main application flow. The following steps of the tutorial focus solely on RAG retrieval.
```

Author: ack

!!! note  
    If you haven't completed the above steps, follow this detailed tutorial [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GlrHYS-EYI&list=PLp0TUr0bmhX4colDnjhEKAnZ3RmjCv5y2&ab_channel=WSO2) to understand how to set up the RAG ingestion and create your vector index.

> 

Reviewer: do we have to link the video here also? We can move this to devant docs, if it is already not there.
